Welcome to lesson on Blockchain Privacy.
In the previous lessons,
we learned that Blockchains provide many useful features for software engineers.
Blockchains provide a source of truth for
applications by making data transparent, immutable, and permanent.
But what about the data that we want to use and
applications that we don't want to make public or can in public?
Could you imagine for example storing your text messages on the blockchain?
Or how about putting your bank records come like completely open database?
Probably not. For these kinds of applications we need privacy.
Privacy for data means that your data is safe and completely inaccessible to others.
It's also important to remember that your users data belongs to them,
and different users of your applications may want different levels of privacy.
When you design applications,
you should empower your users by offering them
the choice to keep their data private whenever they want.
In this lesson, you're going to learn several techniques you can
use to protect and enhance privacy in your Blockchain applications.
We'll start with basic hashing techniques and work
our way up to more complicated privacy techniques like Merkle trees,
ring signatures, zero-knowledge proofs, and more.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll have a strong foundation your
conceptual and apply understanding of these techniques,
as well as how to implement them yourself within your own work,
so you can let your users use their data in
Blockchain applications without compromising privacy. Let's get started.